Group 1: Banner and Image audit on the website (#2897)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/utilities/dialog-primitive/partials/code/how-to-use.md

### Header title tag

!!! Insight

> The default `@titleTag` is `"div"` because the correct value is dependent on the individual page. We strongly encourage consumers to update the `@titleTag` to meet WCAG Success Criterion [1.3.1 Info and Relationships](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/Understanding/info-and-relationships.html) as the visual experience should match what is presented to the user with assistive technology.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default `@titleTag` value is `"div"` as the correct heading level (`h1–`h6) is dependent on the context in which it is used within a page. We strongly encourage consumers to set the appropriate `@titleTag` value to meet WCAG Success Criterion [1.3.1 Info and Relationships](https://www.w3.org/WAI/WCAG22/Understanding/info-and-relationships.html) as the visual experience should match what is presented to the user with assistive technology.
```
